Multiple Sclerosis, or MS,
is a disease in which your immune system
attacks the protective covering of nerve cells.
This protective covering is called the myelin sheath.
Without this protective covering your nerves are damaged.
This damage disrupts the communication between your brain and body.
What causes the immune system to attack the myelin sheath is unknown.
Nerves in any part of your brain,
spine, or eyes can be damaged.
Multiple sclerosis causes many different symptoms.
Some symptoms include:
Pain, Tingling or numbness,
Loss of movement and balance,
Vision loss,
Speech problems,
Muscle weakness.
Symptoms vary from person to person.
Some people can be symptom free or have mild symptoms
while others can have severe symptoms
that make doing daily tasks difficult.
Although there is no cure for MS,
MS, there are medicines that can help with symptoms
and slow the disease progression.
A physical therapist can also teach you
exercises to keep your strength and balance.